mv README.md,CHANGELOG.md to docs (#301)
tellor-io/telliot: README.md

> See [docs](https://docs.tellor.io/miner-documentation/miner)

Reviewer: I am thinking to add 2 links here like
```suggestion
The project uses Gitbook linked to the [docs](./docs) folder of the repo.
[Telliot Docs](https://docs.telliot.tellor.io)
[Tellor Project](https://docs.tellor.io)

```

Reviewer: I added this just an example, can you please add a bit better formating.

https://github.com/hhio618/telliot/tree/move-md-to-docs

Also I just noticed that the links to the assets also needs updating
https://github.com/hhio618/telliot/tree/move-md-to-docs/docs
The images are broken but probably best to fix these with the refactoring of the Readme page anyway.

Author: Ok sure.
I'll fix all broken links in a separate PR.
